Add Zilliz Cloud integration (#2534)
DataDog/integrations-extras: zilliz_cloud_zilliz_cloud/README.md

# Zilliz Cloud

## Overview

> 

Reviewer: Add a sentence to describe Zilliz.

> Zilliz Cloud can push metrics to Datadog to visualize key Zilliz Cloud cluster metrics.
> 
> This integration includes a dashboard that give visibility into your vector database performance, and several monitor templates to help stay ahead of potential issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Zilliz Cloud can push metrics to Datadog to visualize key Zilliz Cloud cluster metrics. This integration includes a dashboard for monitoring vector database performance and several monitor templates to help prevent potential issues.
```

> Note: The Zilliz Cloud Datadog integration is only available on Enterprise clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The Zilliz Cloud Datadog integration is only available on Enterprise clusters.
```

## Setup

> You can install the Zilliz Cloud Datadog Integration through following steps:
> - Retrieve or create a Datadog API key. Also note down the Datadog site. 
> - Log into your Zilliz Cloud Console. 
>   -  Enter the Project  Integration page and select the Datadog card. 
>   -  Choose the Datadog site you wish to send metrics to, and enter the Datadog API key. 
>   -  Select clusters you wish to integrate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the Zilliz Cloud Datadog Integration, follow these steps:
1. Retrieve or create a [Datadog API key][3]. 
2. Take note of the Datadog site. 
3. Log into your Zilliz Cloud Console. 
  -  Navigate to the Project Integration page and select the Datadog card. 
  -  Choose the Datadog site you wish to send metrics to, and enter the Datadog API key. 
  -  Select the clusters you wish to integrate.
```

## Uninstallation

> You can unintall the Zilliz Cloud Datadog Integration through following steps: 
> - Log into your Zilliz Cloud Console. 
> - Enter the Project Integration page and select the Datadog card.
> - Remove the Datadog Integration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To uninstall the Zilliz Cloud Datadog Integration, follow these steps: 
1. Log into your Zilliz Cloud Console. 
2. Navigate to the Project Integration page and select the Datadog card.
3. Remove the Datadog Integration. 
```

## Support

Need help? Contact [Zilliz support][1]  or [Datadog Support][2].

[1]: https://support.zilliz.com/

> [2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/
```

# Zilliz Cloud

## Overview

Zilliz Cloud is a fully managed vector database service built on Milvus, the leading open-source vector database created by its original developers. It simplifies the deployment and scaling of vector search applications by removing the need to build and maintain a vector database or manage complex infrastructure.

> Zilliz Cloud integrates with Datadog, enabling customers to push their cluster metrics to a preconfigured dashboard for visualizing key performance data. With this powerful integration, customers gain robust monitoring capabilities, allowing users to track cluster performance through detailed metrics and set custom alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Zilliz Cloud integrates with Datadog, enabling customers to push their cluster metrics to a preconfigured dashboard for visualizing key performance data. With this powerful integration, customers gain robust monitoring capabilities to track cluster performance through detailed metrics and set custom alerts.
```

By leveraging Datadog’s ability to aggregate metrics and events across the entire DevOps stack—including SaaS and cloud providers, automation tools, monitoring systems, and databases—Zilliz Cloud users benefit from seamless observability across their systems, applications, and services.

> **Note:** The Zilliz Cloud Datadog integration is available exclusively on the Zilliz Cloud Dedicated (Enterprise) Plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The Zilliz Cloud Datadog integration is available exclusively on the Zilliz Cloud Dedicated (Enterprise) Plan.
```

## Setup

To install the Zilliz Cloud Datadog Integration, follow these steps:

1. Retrieve or create a [Datadog API key][1]. 

2. Take note of the Datadog site. 

3. Log into your Zilliz Cloud Console. 

   - Navigate to the Project Integration page and select the Datadog card. 
   - Choose the Datadog site you wish to send metrics to, and enter the Datadog API key. 

>    -  Select the clusters you wish to integrate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Select the clusters you wish to integrate.
```
